Update API Gateway tutorials (#1559)
kyma-project/api-gateway: docs/user/tutorials/01-50-expose-and-secure-a-workload/01-51-get-jwt.md

# Get a JSON Web Token (JWT)

> This tutorial shows how to get a JSON Web Token (JWT), which you can use to access secured endpoints created in the [Expose and secure a workload with Istio](./01-53-expose-and-secure-workload-istio.md) and [Expose and secure a workload with JWT](./01-52-expose-and-secure-workload-jwt.md) tutorials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn how to get a JSON Web Token (JWT), which you can use to access secured endpoints created in the [Expose and secure a workload with Istio](./01-53-expose-and-secure-workload-istio.md) and [Expose and secure a workload with JWT](./01-52-expose-and-secure-workload-jwt.md) tutorials.
```

1. Create an application in your OIDC-compliant identity provider. Save the client credentials: Client ID and Client Secret. 

> 2. In the URL `https://{YOUR_IDENTITY_PROVIDER_INSTANCE}/.well-known/openid-configuration` replace `{YOUR_IDENTITY_PROVIDER_INSTANCE}` with the name of your OICD-compliant identity provider instance. Then, open the link in your browser. Save the values of the **token_endpoint**, **jwks_uri**, and **issuer** parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the URL `https://{YOUR_IDENTITY_PROVIDER_INSTANCE}/.well-known/openid-configuration` replace `{YOUR_IDENTITY_PROVIDER_INSTANCE}` with the name of your OIDC-compliant identity provider instance. Then, open the link in your browser. Save the values of the **token_endpoint**, **jwks_uri**, and **issuer** parameters.
```
